she was on a diet she is it's an all
doughnut diet hey folks delivery hey can
I learn my sign for this place Thanks no
problem hey you next time hi we're gonna
fake right you guys do not oh it is
hideous someone needs to cover the
victim in office and not sir it like
speak for yourself did you guys hear
about Charlie know what happened he's
cheating on Nancy no way how do you know
my neighbors brothers cousins husband
his friends friends with my wife's
Mother's hairdressers account
what about you Jimmy what it's like you
yeah give us something juicy Jimmy you
guys know me I just like keeping myself
healthy chanting for two minutes and Dan
some dirt for Stacy skirt to me hahaha
hello Jimmy huh what am I gonna do I'm
too weak for this kind of test poker
show maybe just a little gossip water
well sweeter than in this combo it more
powerful than accenture ton van able to
chant a thousand eight mantras in a
single round sky it's a bird it's a
plane it's just me
strange visitor from the other you go
who came to mother boobies with
knowledge and potty all of the end those
of mortal men chuckle man who can shed
64 rounds
a chopper retreat never gets sleepy
during bother the time class and who
disguised as Ken Clark mild-mannered
driver for me Garamond guaranteed
overnight delivery service fights a
never-ending battle for truth Krishna
and the Vedic way
what seems to be the trouble Jimmy I
want to gossip cop man he's in really
Jimmy alpha man never gossip he's too
much can you jump me hold on there to me
let me ask you something how is your
java this morning it wasn't so good
company I when I read the paper that
kuriboh star was gonna be on the Rachael
Ray Show so I read that first and then
and then during Java time I kept falling
asleep so I started alphabetizing my CDs
while I was chanting and then and then I
saw that my people magazine came in the
mail and I was really disturbed because
I really wanted to read it aha just as I
suspected what well first of all these
people are not your co-workers or not
don't be ridiculous of course we are
this is my archenemy dr. jokester and
these are his beautiful henchmen jeepers
the notorious for just ER well done java
bad this is one case you're going to
have to lose come on for job stir let's
put an end to the Golden Age before I
really get started the prediction of
chaitanya mahaprabhu can never go in
vain you fiendish fool
too bad you live long enough to find out
you wouldn't hit a massagee with you oh
of course not good Mother's Day
hi
Rama Rama
man you meet them it wasn't made to me
it was the holy name jeepers they're
never getting it's okay Jimmy you're all
like for now but don't get too
comfortable because pajama never dies
every day can be a bath so make sure
you're well armed with the Holy Name no
more reading people magazine for me well
at least not during Java time
do what you can to me but try your best
to challenge yourself you know Christian
once told me that every time he's faced
with a choice that could affect his
relationship with God he asks himself
one question wwjd wwjd good luck to be
javelin away
wwjd WWJD what would you